1. Particularly useful that it has motion sense floodlights as part of the unit too. I thought I would need to get the lights & camera separately but this is an amazing all in one & work in unison. Each light can be pointed in its own irection or angle. Video and audio quality is very good.

2.A very high tech feature I consider pretty impressive is it has an ability to detect people/animals in frame because it has heat recognition for its alarm triggering. The body itself seems very durable. The app is user friendly and dependable. This really is like a professional, modernized security device that has state of the art tech.

3.This floodlight is the best one I have used around my house because not only does it have a high quality camera, but the brightness of the lights is also good. It connects to an app that is only a 3 step process which makes it easy to set up. The camera has great picture quality during both day and night times.

4.I bought this floodlight camera to replace my old one outside my garage. I use it for surveilling my backyard. Not only for safety but also for taking care of my daughters or dogs when they are playing there. Especially, my dogs like to eat flowers and veggies, I want to take an eye on them. My old camera cannot distinguish details when it is far. This camera is super sharp for me, you can see details within about 30ft area

5.Linking the camera up to the app was easy and intuitive. Everything I needed to install the device on my home was already included, even included a phillips head screwdriver to make the task easier. The camera quality is great and the floodlights are no joke. A great interface adds to the already great product. 

6.This security camera and the flood lights work flawlessly. The app sends notification on the phone when the motion is detected while the lights get activated. The motion sensing is pretty good. The images are pretty clear for the purposes of the security camera both during the day and during the night.

7.This is easy to install and connect to my phone. I’ve been want to install a security camera and a motion light in the back of my house. And found this item have both functions!! The camera is very clear and the motion detection work very well, it notify me and take screen shot of what’s happening in my back yard. Very nice and worth the money in my opinion.

8.We purchased this camera as a house warming gift for my friends. They love it! Image quality is very good, even night vision. Motion sensor is sensitive enough. App is easy to use.

